Hello dear kept custom gasoline from intec professionals and that's a whole now
short message and slava has updated the macbook pro so surrendered
and I bet I show it a bit now I'm up here
the Apple page in the Apple Store and you see it like the MacBook Pro should be new
that means that time has changed and something is needed again
inaccurate to learn
what has changed since then
we see here directly
the percent the 13 counter grows higher by processors performance
have now starting second time 4 gigahertz and ending with 2 kor 6
gigahertz
The entry-level model now also has four league-split main memory
and a 250 gigabyte hard drive
still to come
That attracts a battery life of up to ten hours
which were less before
us a new graphics card
it was like you
the Force 320
The starting price is at a gate of his
Lauber I'm not sure you can rule it then in the Comments
That was the old entry price
because not her the new song at 1049 you have not done anything
here
but has done something in the 15-inch MacBook Pros in the price
in fact
is missing here so or the entry level model
is now as expensive as the middle model
the last time was and 2007 has 49 euros one that is just because
that a new processor has been installed and now that of the 5 and
in the top model also Tel the sevens so the RIAA he installed the
new Intel processors no longer Intel Core 2 Duo but
coha the
and
Here we have Gigabyte of memory water throughout
before that was the case
and allow Rainer Traber to hold 20 gigawatts of fixed space
I'm not sure but I think that was not the case before that
started with a 20 because I have the middle Mac Book on that had 320
I think that smaller had 2 0 50 but I'm not quite as I said
for sure
here also a longer acute duration is given now 8 to 9 hours
For me the year should be seven hours meanwhile it is mostly
already far from the seven hours for hand
but as you said you can do a longer battery life
seers
for good and we have here now
two graphics cards and two Intel HD graphics
So, as they have from this trend, they are like the protector to the way
last Intel HD graphics
and then here have one more percent of DIHK holds itself
Percent graphic Schippe and again in g-force as gt 330
here in the first two models we see once for the sixth 50 MB
and here the biggest model has a five times 12 NB
graphic
Cards memory
the price I have what I have done there, I already mentioned
we see here are percent ready to ship this is the first model in four
Some of them are modern, even in 14 hours
the middle first five business figures
well let's go here a bit
to more Ryan and just want to look at us
Here Apple then writes about the new processors
and
the percent of course the new graphic
and here we want to read something
Apple has to say
Next gas quickly with faster processors and faster graphics cards
The new MacBook pro does it all in record time
have here
New Year
Here are the then such a small benchmarking listed animals with the
comparison value
somehow it's not all that transparent but the refurbishment was over
up to 1 4 5 times faster now with the new processors
not bad
Royer here that he is also performance oriented clocks the CPU
from 2006
up to 3 Commander Series 3
Giga heart
Hyper Threading have the
the sevens
I thought the IV 5 will get me in Dortmund
well
Maybe maybe I am wrong
Goetschel
that's not all that interesting but now new fast processors
here now
actually what you find pretty cool coming
and what I actually wanted for my MacBook
was us
switching this performance oriented graphics card so that MacBook pro has
they had two graphics cards in it before and that was once the 9400 and the
9600 and you had to know we all probably always so silly and
switch between the cards so you have to
to lure oneself out
now again to order so that you could switch in between
and that is no longer necessary now because they are now performance-oriented
switched
and you do not have to worry about that anymore and of course you can
also in favor of the battery life of one
really only the video card is always used when you really get it
need
Dan percent
Of course, a longer battery life I do not know now
how this works very well even with cards at the same time still running
which was not the case before
you could either turn in one or the other I do not know maybe
maybe even often both will even know if they can
Pretty cool
but then they will probably still their one
to see over time
and
yes, here is another such small benchmarking listed in which
in the games like Prem
MacBook Pro 13 inch that also tweeted a new video card iKratos 200
m
As you can see that already percent a significant percent
No advantage has brought the new graphics card
So the Mac Book
Broder's little i find to be really important now
So with the processor, the fleet is already trolling processors
still no one but still
four gigabytes of RAM standard under price a fixed price it also quite real
I agree
a good thing
j that was it so far he covers it so briefly
to the fact that we got something new out unfortunately we do not know anything new what iPad
but well, let's see how it develops
I'm really professionals now and I hope I can help a bit
a proletarian from it approx